1. Which of the following are operators, and which are values?

Ans:     Operators : *,-,/,+
         values : 'hello',-88.8,5

2. Which of the following is a variable, and which is a string?

Ans: spam is variable and 'spam' is a string.

3. Name three data types.

Ans: Three data types are:
                1.  String data type
                2.  Integer data type
                3.  Float data type

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?

Ans:  Experssion is made of number and operators. It is used to perform different operation on number.

5. This chapter introduced assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?

Ans: 

6. What does the variable bacon contain after the following code runs?

Ans: bacon will have 21 stored in it.

7. What should the following two expressions evaluate to?
        'spam' + 'spamspam'
        'spam' * 3

Ans:  'spam' + 'spamspam' = 'spamspamspam' it will concatenation the two strings
      'spam'*3 = 'spamspamspam' String value repeats itself anumber of times equal to integer value.


8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?

Ans:  There are rule to be followed  for naming a varible:
                1. It can be only one word with no space
                2. it can use only letters,number,and the underscore character.\
                3. It can't begin with a number.
      That why 100 is not a valid variable.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?

Ans:  We can use int(value),str(value),float(value) to interchange the datatype of a value.

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
        'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

Ans:  You can concatenation two string together or to add two integer together. But you can't add an interger to a string.

        You can fix it by converting the datatype of 99 to String datatype

        like:
                'I have eaten' + str(99) + ' burritos '.